That's unfortunate.
Why did I see you two again?
Stinky dick I tell you
We're not what we used to be.
That's right, we can hang out with Mr. Qin now
A small achievement like yours
And what about you?
Just ants
Okay, if I remember correctly
You should be Shen Yan, right?
Yeah, that's him.
It's on the courier now.
Look at this useless look
Hello Lin Dong
Sorry, old classmate
My hand?
Some neat freak
Can't touch dirty things
It's okay, by the way, Mr. Lin, let's go up quickly.
Be honest for a while
opposite row
This young master will show you a taste
Meals at this top hotel
Especially you.
It's You
Hahahaha
Look at your classmate walking directly
Why don't we go?
No.
You forgot the black card George gave us earlier
We haven't enjoyed it yet
Yeah.
Sir, could you please show me your hotel membership card?
Why don't they have to show it?
Let me show
Sir, don't get me wrong.
In order to prevent outsiders from entering
For our VIP guests with status in the hotel
Provide a good environment
Is this considered an identity?
This is the black card presented by Mr. George himself
Then you are our super member.
The little one is blind to Mount Tai
I'll go and notify the manager to receive you.